Document BPFDSROptoutCIDRs (#659)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/reference/component-resources/node/felix/configuration.mdx

| BPFConnectTimeLoadBalancingEnabled / <br/> FELIX_BPFCONNECTTIMELOADBALANCINGENABLED | Controls whether Felix installs the connect-time load balancer. In the current release, the connect-time load balancer is required for the host to reach kubernetes services.                                                                                                                                                                                                     | true,false         | true           |
| BPFExternalServiceMode / <br/> FELIX_BPFEXTERNALSERVICEMODE                         | Controls how traffic from outside the cluster to NodePorts and ClusterIPs is handled. In Tunnel mode, packet is tunneled from the ingress host to the host with the backing pod and back again. In DSR mode, traffic is tunneled to the host with the backing pod and then returned directly; this requires a network that allows direct return.                                  | Tunnel,DSR         | Tunnel         |

> | BPFDSROptoutCIDRs / <br/> FELIX_BPFDSROPTOUTCIDRS                                   | BPFDSROptoutCIDRs is a list of CIDRs which are excluded from DSR. That is, clients in those CIDRs will accesses nodeports as if BPFExternalServiceMode was set to Tunnel.                                                                                                                                                                                                          | string             | ""            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| BPFDSROptoutCIDRs / <br/> FELIX_BPFDSROPTOUTCIDRS                                   | BPFDSROptoutCIDRs is a list of CIDRs that are excluded from DSR. That is, clients in those CIDRs will access nodeports as if BPFExternalServiceMode was set to Tunnel.                                                                                                                                                                                                          | string             | ""            |
```
